　　计算机程序设计应该是个男性工作的领域，对吗？仅从目前的从业人数来看，男性程序员的人数超过女性从业人数，但曾经一度可不是这样的。本集《随身英语》带你认识50年代的一位女性先锋程序员，同时介绍那些由女性发明的日用品。
　　
　　
　　Here’s a simple challenge: name a famous inventor. Perhaps Renaissance 
 Leonardo da Vinci 
. Or the 
 of the telephone, Alexander Graham Bell. But you might be 
 to name many female inventors, even though women are behind some of the most widely used technologies in the modern world.
　　For example, 
 the 
? Back on a freezing winter’s day in 1902, Mary Anderson was travelling by tram through New York city. Snow was falling, forcing the driver to stop repeatedly and get out to clear it. Each time the door opened, Mary suffered a gust of 
 air. She had a 
: why not make some kind of a rubber blade that could be operated from inside the vehicle? And that’s exactly what she did. 
　　Let’s step in from freezing New York for our next invention. The 
 dates back even earlier to the 19th Century, and to the dinner parties 
 by a lady called Josephine Cochrane. As a frequent host, she wanted a machine that could wash dishes faster than people. Her response was to develop what was to become the first commercially successful dishwasher. Interestingly, innovation was 
: her grandfather had invented the steamboat. 
　　Need something to do while the dishwasher is 
 away? How about a round of Monopoly? One of the most popular board games around, the rules were first drawn up by a lady called Elizabeth Magie, and 
 in 1904. Her intention was to create a game to highlight what she saw as the 
 of capitalism. It was originally called The Landlord’s Game. 
　　To an altogether different kind of innovation: Kevlar is the lightweight fibre used in 
. The material is used by millions every day and has saved countless lives. The super tough fabric is also used in objects ranging from gloves to aeroplanes to 
. Incredibly, its strength-to-weight ratio is five times higher than steel. Again, it was invented by a woman, the American chemist Stephanie Kwolek, in 1964. 
　　Finally, one of the most important inventions of the 20th Century must surely be the computer programme. The world of programming is 
 unbalanced in terms of 
. Men vastly 
 women, and take home around 30% more pay than their female counterparts on average. But back in the 1940s and 50s, women were at the forefront of this new field. Grace Hopper is credited with inventing the first compiler in 1952, which serves as the bridge between code and the 
 ones and zeros understood by computers.
　　
　　polymath 博学者，博学的人
　　spring to mind 突然呈现在脑海中
　　pioneer 先锋
　　hard-pressed （由于缺少时间）面临困难的
　　where would we be without… 假如没有…我们将会是怎样的？
　　windscreen wiper 雨刷器
　　sub-zero 温度在零度以下的
　　brainwave （突发的）灵感，妙计
　　dishwasher 洗碗机
　　throw (a party) 举办（聚会）
　　in someone’s blood 在某人的血液中，在骨子里
　　whirr （洗衣机）发出嗡嗡声
　　patent 注册专利权
　　pitfall 陷阱
　　bulletproof vest 防弹背心
　　wind turbine 风力发电机
　　notoriously 出了名地（负面），声名狼藉地
　　gender 性别
　　outnumber 在数量上压倒
　　binary 二进位制
　　
　　
 
　　1. How did a cold day cause the windscreen wiper to be invented? 
　　2. Why did Cochrane invent the dishwasher?
　　3. Which word expresses the relationship between two amounts?
　　4. Which word refers to something lone with a sharp edge?
　　5. Which industry used to employ comparatively more women in the past than today?
　　
 
 
　　1. I’ve just had a ______. Why don’t we invent a machine that answers questions in Take Away English?
　　brainwave       innovation       invention       idea
　　2. Where would we be without you, Matt? Your quick thinking ______ our company.
　　hard-pressed       whirred       ruined       saved          
　　3. There are a number of ______ to consider when starting a business. Do your research so you don’t face these problems.
　　polymaths       pitfalls       patents       opportunities 
　　4. What’s that whirring sound? It’s just the ______.
　　drill       television       washing machine       cat  
　　5. This area is ______ for violence. Take care on the streets.
　　notorious       pitfall       in the blood       outnumbered
　　
　　
 
　　1. How did a cold day cause the windscreen wiper to be invented? 
　　
　　2. Why did Cochrane invent the dishwasher?
　　
　　3. Which word expresses the relationship between two amounts?
　　
　　4. Which word refers to something lone with a sharp edge?
　　
 
　　5. Which industry used to employ comparatively more women in the past than today?
　　
　　
 
 
　　1. I’ve just had a 
. Why don’t we invent a machine that answers questions in Take Away English? 
　　2. Where would we be without you, Matt? Your quick thinking 
 our company. 
　　3. There are a number of 
 to consider when starting a business. Do your research so you don’t face these problems. 
　　4. What’s that whirring sound? It’s just the 
. 
　　5. This area is 
 for violence. Take care on the streets.