　　:这次十九大报告的外文翻译工作，邀请了一批外籍专家参与，这也是改革开放以来我国第一次邀请外籍专家提前介入参与全国党代会报告的翻译工作，那么负责英语翻译的是谁呢？让我们见识下这位美女翻译。
　　The report Xi Jinping delivered at the opening of the 19th Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPC) draws a new blueprint for the Chinese people’s life in the future, said a British scholar in Beijing on Sunday.
　　一名英国学者周日在北京表示，中国共产党第十九届全国代表大会的开幕，为中国人民的未来描绘了一幅新蓝图。
　　Holly Snape, who has been living in China for ten years, was involved in the English translation of the report. She said she is mostly interested in the new ideas put up in the report.
　　Holly Snape（中文名字桃李）已经在中国生活了10年，她参与了这份报告的英文翻译。她说，她对报告中提出的新想法很感兴趣。
　　Chinese socialism for the new era is a huge new innovation idea. And I imagine that will have a big impact on things for many years to come. The idea now may move towards helping people to achieve a better life, said Snape.
　　“中国社会主义新时代是一个巨大的创新理念。我想这将对未来许多年的事情产生重大影响。Snape说:“现在的想法可能是为了帮助人们过上更好的生活。”
　　Snape said she is really glad to be part of the translation of the report.
　　Snape说，她很高兴能成为这份报告翻译团队的一份子。
　　I understand that it’s the first time that foreign people have been involved in the translation, and to me that, that says that China is really kind of trying hard to communicate with the rest of the world and I’m really glad that I can do a small part to try to help that, said Snape.
　　“我知道这是首次引进外籍人员参与翻译，从我个人而言，我认为中国正在真正的努力加强与世界其他国家的交流，我很高兴我能够为此事贡献微薄之力”Snape说。
　　As a young translator, one of the difficulties for Snape is to convey the rich language and the strong ideas of the report.
　　作为一名年轻的翻译，Snape的翻译难题之一是如何传达报告中的丰富语言和强烈想法。
　　The language is rich, and the ideas are strong, and they have a tempo and a rhythm to them, the reports have a real feeling to them, one of the most difficult things is to convey that, to be able to translate that as well as the meaning into English, said Snape.
　　“语言是丰富的，想法是强大的，它们有各自节奏和韵律，这一点这次报告中得到了充分的体现。最困难的事情之一就是如何能正确地传递,，确保准确地翻译成英语,”Snap说。
　　Snape hopes that China can contribute more wisdom and solutions to the world in the future.
　　Snape希望中国能在未来为世界提供更多的智慧和解决方案。
　　For example, in terms of the environment, there’s a lot of determination conveyed in the report about things that are going to happen in China, and things like creating great numbers of people who are very skilled and talented in areas like science and technology, these kinds of things.
　　“例如，就环境而言，报告中有很多关于中国对未来规划的决心，以及在科学技术领域培养大量高技能、高素质人才的决定。”希望这能激励像我们这样的国家向中国去学习思考。
　　Hopefully that will inspire other countries like my own country to think like China’s. If China focuses on these areas, perhaps we should also move in that kind of direction too, said Snape.
　　Snape说:“如果中国关注这些领域，也许我们也应该在这方面采取行动。”
　　Snape said she has deeply fallen in love with China, and she hopes China can have a brighter future.
　　Snape说，她已经深深爱上了中国，她希望中国能有一个更光明的未来。