　　近日，美国埃默里大学曝光了前总统奥巴马致初恋的情书，下面我们一起来读读这些文字。
　　Barack Obama’s love letters to his first girlfriend have just been released and they’re every bit as ambitious, charismatic and intellectual as you would imagine.
　　巴拉克.奥巴马致他的初恋的情书刚刚被公布了，它们正如你所想象的那般有雄心、有魄力、和有文化。
　　And obviously nothing like anything we’ve ever been sent on Valentine’s day...
　　显然，这些情书与我们曾于情人节收到的东西有所不同。
　　The nine full letters, sent by the former US president to his then college girlfriend, Alexandra McNear, are finally being made public to researchers through Emory University’s Stuart A. Rose Manuscript, Archives and Rare Book Library, according to the Associated Press.
　　据美联社报道，由这位前总统寄给他的大学时任女友亚历山德拉.麦克尼尔的九封情书通过埃默里大学斯图尔特.A.罗斯手稿、档案和珍本图书馆最终对外公布。
　　Officials said the university has had the letters since 2014, but could only make them public now.
　　官员们表示，该校2014年就有了这些情书，但是只能现在使它们公布。
　　Researchers have described his writings as ’lyrical and poetic’, offering a unique insight into the mind of a young man whose path would eventually lead to to the White House, Emory University officials added.
　　埃默里大学官员们补充道，他的情书“感情丰富且诗情画意”，能够独特洞察到一个最终入主白宫的年轻人的思想。
　　In one of the earliest letters, he wrote: "I trust you know that I miss you, that my concern for you is as wide as the air, my confidence in you as deep as the sea, my love rich and plentiful."
　　在最早的情书之一中，他写道：“我相信你是知道的，我想念你，我对你的牵挂犹如苍穹一般宽广，我对你的信心如同大海一般深远，我对你的爱丰富而充盈。”
　　It was signed: "Love, Barack."
　　署名：“爱你的巴拉克。”
　　One excerpt from 1983 to McNear - who was a student at Obama’s Californian college - reads:
　　作于1983年致麦克尼尔（奥巴马所在加利福尼亚学院的一名学生）的情书节选写道：
　　I think of you often, though I stay confused about my feeling. It seems we will ever want what we cannot have; that’s what binds us; that’s what keeps us apart.
　　我经常想起你，虽然我对自己的感觉感到困惑。似乎我们永远都想要我们不能拥有的东西；这就是束缚我们的东西；这就是让我们分开的原因。
　　In another, Obama writes:
　　在另外一封情书中，奥巴马写道：
　　My ideas aren’t as crystallised as they were while in school, but they have an immediacy and weight that may be more useful if and when I’m less observer and more participant.
　　我的观念没有大学时期的那么具体了，如果我不是个旁观者，而是个参与者，那么我的想法就能更快地实现，也更有分量。
　　Salaries in the community organisations are too low to survive on right now, so I hope to work in some more conventional capacity for a year, allowing me to store up enough nuts to pursue those interests next.
　　社区组织的薪水低到我现在没法依靠它生存，因此，我希望在传统意义上更为赚钱的行业工作一年，做一些物质上的积累，以便日后追求这些利益。