　　It’s the job interview of your life and you need to come up with something fast. Mental pictures of words are mixing in your head and your tongue tastes like alphabet soup. You mutter words like “deterministic” or “innovativity” and you realize you’re drenched in sweat. You wish you had thought about this. You wish you had read this post before.
　　你现在在一场重要的面试上，要求你快速做出反应。各种单词在脑中搅成一团，舌头就跟打了结一样，你只能咕哝地说些“有决断力”或者“创新能力”这样的词，并且你意识到自己已经汗流浃背。这时你会想，要是之前准备过就好了。你想要是早一点读到这篇文章就好了。
　　Here are 10 sentences that you could use when you are asked to describe yourself. Choose the ones that describe you the best.
　　以下10个句子可以帮助你更好地在面试中做自我介绍。选择最适合你的那些。
　　
　　
　　1. “can adapt to any situation. I thrive in a fluctuating environment and I transform unexpected obstacles into stepping stones for achievements.”
　　1. “可以适应任何环境的人。我可以在变化不定的环境中茁壮成长，并且把那些意外的障碍变为成功的基石。”
　　2. “consistently innovates to create value. I find opportunities where other people see none: I turn ideas into projects, and projects into serial success.”
　　2. “有创新能力的人。我可以在别人不在意的地方发现价值：我可以把想法转化成项目，把项目转化成一连串的成功。”
　　3. “leads people. I can unite people around a vision and motivate a team to excellence. I expect no more from the others than what I expect from myself.”
　　3. “有领导能力的人。我可以让人们为了一个共同的目标而奋斗，并且激励一个团队取得成功。我对自己的要求比对别人更严格。”
　　4. “always has an eye on my target. I endeavour to deliver high-quality work on time, every time. Hiring me is the only real guarantee for results.”
　　4. “专注于目标的人。每一次我都会及时地提供高质量的服务。雇佣我，你绝对不会后悔的。”
　　5. “knows this job inside and out. With many years of relevant experience, there is no question whether I will be efficient on the job. I can bring the best practices to the company.”
　　5. “充分了解这份工作的人。拥有多年相关工作经验的我，毫无疑问将能胜任这份工作。我能为公司带来最好的效益。”
　　6. “has a high level of motivation to work here. I have studied the entire company history and observed its business strategies. Since I am also a long-time customer, I took the opportunity to write this report with some suggestions for how to improve your services.”
　　6. “有很强动机在这儿工作的人。我认真研究过公司整个的发展历程，以及商业策略。由于我也是贵公司的忠实顾客，所以我做了这份报告，以期为提高公司的服务做出一份贡献。”
　　7. “has a pragmatic approach to things. I don’t waste time talking about theory or the latest buzz words of the bullshit bingo. Only one question matters to me: ‘Does it work or not?’”
　　7. “能实际解决问题的人。我不会花时间空谈理论或者讲些时髦的话。只有一件事情让我关心：‘这可行吗？’”
　　8. “takes work ethics very seriously. I do what I am paid for, and I do it well.”
　　8. “非常注重职业操守的人。我做雇主付钱让我做的事，并且做到最好。”
　　9. “can make decisions rapidly if needed. Everybody can make good decisions with sufficient time and information. The reality of our domain is different. Even with time pressure and high stakes, we need to move forward by taking charge and being decisive. I can do that.”
　　9. “在需要的情况下，可以快速做决定的人。在给予充分的时间和信息的情况下，每个人都能做出好的决定。但现实世界却不是如此。即使是有压力和风险，我们也必须小心地权衡，做出向前的决定。我能做到。”
　　10. “is considered to be ‘fun.’ I believe that we are way more productive when we are working with people with which we enjoy spending time. When the situation gets tough with a customer, a touch of humour can save the day.”
　　10. “一个有趣的人。我相信和喜欢的人一起工作，我们会更有效率。当我们跟顾客有摩擦的时候，幽默感或许能够起到作用，挽救可能会变糟糕的一天。” 