　　随着美国多个州开始实行大麻合法化，如何经营与种植大麻也正在成为一门学问，而“大麻专业人才”自然也必不可少，所以美国破天荒的推出大麻专业，并且已经开始招生。
　　An American university is taking a bold step into the future, and has begun offering the first-ever marijuana-focused degree.
　　一所美国大学勇敢的向未来跨出了一步，开设了有史以来第一个大麻专业。
　　The new degree will allow students at Northern Michigan University to get an professional edge as marijuana seems poised to become an explosive industry in the United States.
　　大麻正在成为美国一个规模庞大的产业，新学位将给北密歇根大学的学生带来专业优势。
　　But, administrators there say the four-year medical plant chemistry degree isn’t for your stereotypical stoner.
　　但是，那里的管理人员说，四年制的医学植物化学学位并不是像你想象的那样（是种植大麻）。
　　“Obviously, the programme is new and it might speak to a certain crowd. But, for a student to succeed, they’re going to have to be very dedicated and motivated,” Brandon Canfield, an associate chemistry professor at the school, told the Detroit Free Press. “This is not an easy programme. It’s a really intense biology chemistry programme.”
　　“显然，这是一门新的学科，它可能会对某些人群产生影响。但是，对于想要成功的学生来说，他们必须非常富有专注力和机动力，”该校的副教授布兰登.坎菲尔德对《底特律自由报》说。“这不是一个简单的学科。这是一个难度非常大的生物化学学科。
　　Mr Canfield said that students won’t be growing marijuana as a part of their degree, but they would be studying similar plants with medicinal value. The programme includes studies in soils, biochemstiry, biology, and biostatistics.
　　坎菲尔德表示，学生们不会在他们学习期间种植大麻作为他们获得学位的一部分，但他们会研究类似具有药用价值的植物，包括进行土壤、生物化学、生物学和生物统计学方面的研究。
　　More and more states are approving the use of recreational or medical marijuana in recent years, leading to millions of dollars in added tax income for states who have decided to implement more lenient laws. In the last election alone, eight states voted to legalise marijuana for one of those uses.
　　近年来，美国越来越多的州开始实行娱乐使用大麻以及医用大麻合法化，这些州也因此增加了数百万美元的税收。仅在2016年美国大选期间，就有8个州趁机公投支持大麻合法化。
　　That included California, one of the largest states in the country with a massive economy the size of France’s, where recreational marijuana dispensaries are set to open up early next year. The roll-out of legal marijuana dispensaries could have national implications, with many eyes watching the implementation there to see if the process is smooth, and reduces deficits.
　　在经济规模相对庞大甚至与法国相匹敌的美国大洲之一加利福尼亚州也是如此，预计明年年初，该州还将允许开设娱乐用大麻药房，该计划实施的进展是否顺利以及能否减少财政赤字也受到外界关注。
　　But, states that legalise marijuana could face a foe in the federal government. US Attorney General Jeff Sessions has been a harsh critic of legalising the plant, and it is technically illegal under federal law.
　　一些州进行大麻合法化极有可能会造成与联邦政府的对立。美国司法部长塞申斯一直对合法化进行严厉的批评，而且根据联邦法律这也是非法的。